Mention drop-in config file for worker like for the other config files (#6380)
os-autoinst/openQA: docs/GettingStarted.asciidoc

* `database.ini`, `database.ini.d/*.ini`: These files are also used by services
  providing the web interface and related services such as the scheduler. It is
  used to configure how those services connect to the database.

> * `workers.ini`, `workers.ini.d/*.ini`: This file is used to configure the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `workers.ini`, `workers.ini.d/*.ini`: These files are used to configure the
```
